contribution overview process added (#72)
elixir-europe/rdm-toolkit: pages/contribute/how_to_contribute.md

---
title: How to contribute to the RDM toolkit website
sidebar: contribute
folder: contribute
permalink: how_to_contribute.html
toc: false
summary: Here you'll find an overview of the ways of contributing to this website. Depending on your chosen way, please follow the links on the left, where you'll find step-by-step instructions.  
---

## Ways of contributing 

> We accept contributions in two ways sketched below, through GitHub or through Google Docs. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept contributions in two ways sketched below, through GitHub or through Google Docs.
```

> ![image](images/howto_contribute_overview.svg) <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include image.html file="howto_contribute_overview.svg" alt="How to contribute overview" %}
```

> <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * **Github way:** We use git to develop the RDM toolkit website. Git allows us to accept and coordinate contributions under an open authoring and review process. Therefore, GitHub is our preferred way of accepting contributions. To begin with, you'll need a personal GitHub account, which you can create [here](https://github.com/join).   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Github way:** We use GitHub to develop the RDM toolkit website. GitHub allows us to accept and coordinate contributions under an open authoring and review process. Therefore, this is our preferred way of accepting contributions. To begin with, you'll need a personal GitHub account, which you can create [here](https://github.com/join).   
```

> * **Github way:** We use git to develop the RDM toolkit website. Git allows us to accept and coordinate contributions under an open authoring and review process. Therefore, GitHub is our preferred way of accepting contributions. To begin with, you'll need a personal GitHub account, which you can create [here](https://github.com/join).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Github way:](github_way)** We use git to develop the RDM toolkit website. Git allows us to accept and coordinate contributions under an open authoring and review process. Therefore, GitHub is our preferred way of accepting contributions. To begin with, you'll need a personal GitHub account, which you can create [here](https://github.com/join).   
```

> * **Google Doc way:** For those contributors that are not versed in git, we provide Google Doc templates. This approach requires e-mail communication with our editors, who will be responsible for transferring the content to our git repository on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Google Doc way:** Alternatively, we provide Google Doc templates. This approach requires e-mail communication with our editors, who will be responsible for transferring the content to our git repository on your behalf.
```

> * **Google Doc way:** For those contributors that are not versed in git, we provide Google Doc templates. This approach requires e-mail communication with our editors, who will be responsible for transferring the content to our git repository on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Google Doc way:](google_doc_way)** For those contributors that are not versed in git, we provide Google Doc templates. This approach requires e-mail communication with our editors, who will be responsible for transferring the content to our git repository on your behalf.
```
I added the links to the separate pages
